#94 — Minimal example: `hello-mailbox` (#98)
aimdb-dev/aimdb: examples/hello-mailbox/README.md

# hello-mailbox: Mailbox buffer demo
The Mailbox buffer demo proves that only the last message is retained/read, in simple terms 

> It's like when you have a mailbox and only you can see the last letter.

Reviewer: Polish the wording, the trailing 'in simple terms' currently runs into the next line.

```suggestion
The Mailbox buffer keeps only the last message written. It's like a real mailbox where only the most recent letter is visible.
```

## When to use
This Mailbox buffer demo is useful in a variety of scenarios where you want to retain only the last message, for example:
- When you have a robotic arm that needs to execute a sequence of commands, and you only want to execute the last command, or even if the robot gets too much commands in a short period of time.

## How it works
The Mailbox buffer demo works by simulating a mailbox buffer that retains only the last message.
it runs 2 rounds:
  - the first round sends 3 Colors and the MailBox only gets the last message.
  - the second round sends 2 Colors and the MailBox only gets the last message.

## How to run

> To run the demo, compile and run the `hello-mailbox` example, you need to go to the `aimdb/examples/hello-mailbox` directory and run:

Reviewer: `cargo run -p hello-mailbox` works from anywhere in the workspace, so the cd step isn't needed.

```suggestion
From the workspace root, run:
```
